Update guide with enonic dev command #5 (#6)
enonic/doc-starter-webpack: docs/index.adoc

```
====

== Dev mode

> There's also the possibility to start your sandbox in detached dev mode and keep watching for changes as you develop using the webpack starter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to start your sandbox in detached dev mode and have the build system watch for changes as you develop your app.
```

> To *start* your sandbox in that mode and also *watch* for changes as you code, run this command from your shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To *start* your sandbox in that mode and have it *watch* for changes as you code, run this command from your shell:
```
